[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_kinds-of-provisioning-templates.adoc

= Kinds of provisioning templates

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the following template types for different host provisioning workflows.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite work for me as an abstract. Why should the user care?

Author: How about adding something like this?

```suggestion
You can use the following template types for different host provisioning workflows.
Select the appropriate template type for your provisioning workflow, whether network-based, image-based, cloud, or PXE-less.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the appropriate template type for your provisioning workflow, whether network-based, image-based, cloud, or PXE-less.
```

> Choose the appropriate template type for your provisioning workflow, whether network-based, image-based, cloud, or PXE-less.

Reviewer 2: cloud -> cloud-init?

You could also expand this from "whether ..." to "whether you use ... provisioning workflows.

On second though: I am hestiant about this change. Maybe it's not necessary to list examples because users can just scroll down?

```suggestion
{Project} provides templates for different host provisioning workflows.
Pick a provisioning template type based on your compute resource and provisioning environment.
```

Author: I like that, except pick > choose.

```suggestion
{Project} provides templates for different host provisioning workflows.
Choose a provisioning template type based on your compute resource and provisioning environment.
```
